Hey, good morning family. I'm excited to
be with you all again today. I have some
things I want to talk to you about,
but first of all, I just want to say
thank you for all the likes, the
subscribes, and the comments. It's a true
blessing to us, and we just want to say
thank you for supporting this YouTube
channel as you have. God bless you
all. I pray for you daily that the Lord
increases you in every area of your
life—physically,
spiritually, financially,
emotionally, everything—that the Lord
will give you abundant overflow in your
homes. I just want to say
thank you from the bottom of
our hearts for supporting this YouTube
channel, and I appreciate your prayers
for my family. I appreciate all
your
prayers. I'm
going to do a video that I've already
done before, but I felt because of the
time that's passed since I made the
video that I could do it better.
I
listened
back to it and I thought, 'I think I can
do better at that.'So, let's give it a
shot. I've told you before
how
the Lord took me out of my
body and I shot up into outer space.
I could see the Lord,
though
from His midway up, I
could not see anything during the
whole visitation. I don't know if
it was God the Father or Jesus, but I'm
going to tell
you, we were in outer space and I
could see the planets. It was like
everything was shrunk down. I know
they're millions of miles apart,
but everything in the solar system
seemed so small to us. We were
looking at it like
the planets were right there. I
could see Saturn,
Jupiter, and Mars. I could see it
all, but we were standing right next to
the Sun the whole time. The Sun was
massive, and it was over to
my right. The Lord was also to
the right, and I was looking out at
the Sun when He spoke to me. He said,
'Brandon, how long does it take for the
Sun's light to get to the
Earth?'I
knew the answer. I said, 'It takes like
eight minutes and 20 some seconds.'Right
then,
I knew the answer,
but now I've probably butchered
it.
I told the Lord
that
at 186,000
miles per second, the light travels
from the Sun and takes
8 minutes and 27 seconds to get
to the Earth.
He asked me, 'Brandon,
what is faster than the speed of
light?'I
said, 'I don't know,
Lord.'He
said, 'The speed of
thought.'He
said, 'Brandon, whenever you
die and you come to be with Me, you will
travel at the speed of thought, not at
the speed of light.'The speed of thought
is actually way faster than
the speed of light because you
are
there
instantly
instead of
traveling at
186,000 miles per second. He
was
telling me all this, and then
He talked
to
me about how far the nearest star is,
which
is light-years away.
I don't remember exactly how far it was, but
He told me it would take thousands of
years to get there even
at 186,000
miles
per second.
Then He said, 'I
want to take you and show you
something.'All
of a
sudden, we were
instantaneously there. This is where
it gets
good. What I could
see before me when we went into
this room was a massive white room.
There was no beginning and
no end to this
room.
The
light
in the room
was so piercing,
but there was no
ceiling, no floor,
nothing. It was like a dimension
in
itself. There before me was the
universe. This is heavy, but I'm
telling you all it's fact. The
universe was in its own dimension. He
created a room for the
universe; all the galaxies
were
inside of another
dimension that was
endless. Before me,
the universe was moving at the speed of
light, being
created. I could see inside of this
massive area; it looked like cauliflower
clouds—like
thunderclouds
moving very
slowly—but
it was forming
right
in front of my face. Stars were forming
inside of this
dimension, shrunk down. Though moving at
186,000 miles per second, it
looked
slow because He
controls
time. He is in control of all
time; time does not exist around Him.
At 186,000 miles per second, creating right
before my eyes, it was moving so
slowly.
I could
see how big it was since the beginning when
He spoke it into existence, 'Let there be
light.'All
the things He
said in Genesis
were
moving. It was the size
of a Volkswagen
Beetle—I
don't know why, but that's the way it
stood out to me. It was that shape and it
was moving in all
directions—downward,
upward, left, right, north,
south, east, west—all at the same time,
creating from the center. It was like a
thunderstorm,
moving
slowly
like
thunderclouds, all being formed and
created inside of this
room. Stars were moving and being
created from every direction.
It was all moving
equally.
He spoke to me and said,
'Brandon, you know in My Word
where it says I can measure the
span
of the universe in My
hand?'He
said, 'I'm going to show you how I do
it.'He
took that universe
and shrunk
it down right before my eyes. He said,
'I create and I am able to manipulate it.'It
was
like clay before
Him. He said, 'Brandon, it is in a
dimension in itself,'and He could stretch
it out or shrink it.
He put it in His
hand, and He had the whole universe—billions
and
billions
of
galaxies—shrunk
down in
this dimension. He said, 'Look, I can
step into it.'He stretched it out and
said, 'I can step into it or I can shrink
it down, but Brandon, I measure
it
all in My hand.'He put it in
His hand—it was stretched out and he
showed it to me like
a
cube—and
it was still
growing. It never stopped;
stars were still forming in
His hand as He was holding
it.
No matter
how He
stretched
it or shrank it,
it was still being created.
I just stood there and watched.
I know I wasn't in my body; this
was more than just a dream. This happened
to me over 20 years ago and I've
never forgotten
it. I
remember every detail like it was
yesterday,
other than the numbers.
I've told you
I've
overcome my learning
disabilities. He
took
me then and said, 'I want to
show you something
else,'and
He showed me
Heaven. Heaven was a massive
planet, about the size of three
Jupiters. Heaven is a
massive planet, like a dimension in
itself. I could see the gold; it was
pure light. It was beyond
comprehension; I cannot give
it adequate justice
with words.
It
was inside its own
dimension.
The universe
was on the edge
of Heaven.
We
were standing out
there
again, and I was looking at all the walls. There
are
massive walls all
around Heaven, and I
could see buildings—all kinds of houses and buildings. It's like a
major city, but beautiful
beyond words. I could see the
walls formed with gold and
all kinds of beautiful stones.
Then all
of a
sudden I looked up, and
the sky above me was filled
with
beautiful pinks, purples, and whites,
swirled like a paisley print.
He said, 'Brandon, this is My
portion; I set this aside for Myself,
Heaven. But son, I'm
giving
you the universe. All the galaxies are
going to be yours.'He said that is the portion He is
giving to His
kids, the
born-again
believers.
When
you come home to be with Me after
the thousand-year reign, you will
spend eternity traveling at the speed of
thought throughout all the galaxies
and
universes, going
from one to another. There are planets
and
stars being made, and
you will rule and reign forever
and ever with Me over eternity
in those
places. Why people say, 'Why would I
want my own galaxy?'I don't know. We have
a mansion in Heaven,
but I'm
trying to tell you what
I saw.
Then He said to me,
'Do you see all that?'And I could
see the stars being
formed before me.
That dimension
was still being spread out, but He had
opened it up and we were inside of it
now. Heaven was on the edge of it, and
the universe and all the galaxies
were on this side.
He told me, 'You
will rule and reign with Me forever and
ever.'You're
never going to get
bored. You'll travel at the speed of
thought to all
your brothers and sisters; the whole body
of Christ is going to be ruling
and
reigning. He's creating a new Heaven and a new Earth.
Folks, we have an
amazing future. God has an amazing plan
for His church and His people. It is
not for us to be down and out. We're
going to rule and reign with Him
for all eternity.
The Lord
told me, 'Brandon, I am
a big, big God.
I want you to go back and
tell My people
they think way too small.
I
want them to start
believing Me for bigger, for I am a big
God able to do exceedingly abundantly
above all they dare ask or
think.'Remember
that.
He has it all
in His hand.
There
are
more stars than
there are grains of sand on our beaches.
You'll never be able to wrap your mind
around how big the
universe is. It's basically endless,
but He's able to control it.
It's still being created
because life is still being created.
People are getting born again every
single day, and He has a place assigned just
for you.
One day, when we rule and
reign with Him,
whatever that
purpose is, I have no idea. All I know is
there's a big plan for us, and He loves
you.
I know that when we get there,
He'll have a galaxy for
you. The Milky Way is the galaxy
we're in, but there
are
billions more.
I hope I didn't butcher that, but I
tried
my best to explain
something so amazing
and
life-changing. He
wanted me to tell you how big He
really is and that He's endless.
Nothing is too hard for Him.
All things are possible to him who
believes. You just have to believe with
simple faith. If you have the faith of
a mustard seed, He said
you would move a
mountain.
If you
do
not doubt in your heart, you'll
have whatsoever things you say—Mark
11:24.
I'm believing
with all my heart for big things in
2024 and 2025.
It's time to believe God for the
impossible today.
He's no
respecter
of persons, and what God
did
for one, He'll do for another. God loves
you and He has an amazing plan. Beloved, I
wish above all things that you prosper and
be in health, even as your soul prospers.
Think about that. He wants you to be in
health; He wants you to be above and not
beneath.
He wants you to have a smile on your
face and a song in your heart.
We are the salt of
the earth,
ministering
to our
neighbors and telling them that Jesus loves
them and is coming soon. Jesus is
coming soon, folks. I hope
you're ready. I hope your heart
is
prepared.
A lot of people
say, 'I don't believe in the
Rapture.'That's
your problem. I do, and He's
coming back for
you
and
me
and those who believe and
are
seeking Him daily.
Let me pray for you.
Father, I thank You for
'big.'I
thank You, God, for 'huge.'I thank You
for
'ginormous'—that
You are an awesome God
able to do exceedingly abundantly above
all that we'd ask or think. I thank You,
God, that You're creating something
amazing for me, my children,
my wife, and all my
friends and family. You
have eternity;
time is endless with
You. You have
everything in the
span of Your hand.
Father, I thank You that You come and
visit me, that You have a plan for my
life, and that You love me enough
to
show me secret things and
things to come—for us to
believe You for bigger, not smaller.
We get out of our stinking thinking,
poverty, and lack. Father, You're a God
of more than enough. I've seen the edges
of Heaven;
there's no poverty in
Heaven. There's only abundance,
overflow of gold, rubies,
sapphires, diamonds, pearls, and
beautiful
gemstones
beyond
comprehension. I thank You, Father, that
You've created this for us and that You
love us enough not to give us some shack
down by the river, but to give us a
mansion. You said You'd give
us our heart's desires, God, and I thank You for that. You
said, 'Beloved, I wish there would be on
earth as it is in heaven.'I thank You,
Father,
that we don't have to struggle
on this earth; we can have more than
enough.
Lord, we give You glory, honor,
and praise. We call every single person
watching
this video healed, whole,
and well, delivered from
oppression.
Strongholds are broken off their
lives, set free by the blood of the Lamb
and the word of their testimony. We
thank You,
Lord, that marriages
are restored, homes are good,
and
children are
blessed. Father, I thank You for a
great year
in
2024.
By the time we get to the end of
2024, we will say, 'Look what the Lord has
done.'Great
is Your faithfulness to me.
All my life You have been
faithful and
so, so
good.
Thank
You,
Father.
I will sing and give You
praise for Your goodness today.
Thank You that we're healed
and
whole. I bless You,
Lord. I just want to say thank you all
for watching and
supporting us. I hope this video
blessed
you
and
inspires you to believe for
bigger. Jesus
loves you so
much and has
great plans ahead for you.
Put a smile
on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you. We will see you next time.
Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.